# DigiScript Client

## Project setup
```
npm ci
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

## Project Structure

### Public Directory
The [public](./public) directory is where the favicon is stored. 
These are autogenerated files, and nothing else should need to be placed here.

### Source Directory
The [src](./src) directory is where the main Vue.js project lives, and is itself broken
into further subdirectories for specific bits of source code.

* [assets](./src/assets): where static assets such as CSS and images live.
* [js](./src/js): where plain Javascript files live, for things such as helper functions.
* [router](./src/router): the configuration of the [Vue.js router](https://v3.router.vuejs.org/). This is used to define 
the routes used for client side rendering.
* [store](./src/store): the configuration of the [Vuex store](https://v3.vuex.vuejs.org/). This is the internal state of 
the application and is further broken down into modules by application function.
* [views](./src/views): where the Vue.js views live, which are the modules making up the pages of the application. This 
is further broken down into subdirectories based on usage. 
* [App.vue](./src/App.vue): the Vue.js entry point, this is the start of the Single Page Application and defines the main 
layout (navbar etc) and houses the router view to display child pages.
* [main.js](./src/main.js): the main Javascript entry point which configures Vue.js and is injected at build time into 
the main index.html file.